http://metalink.oracle.com/metalink/plsql/ml2_documents.showDocument?p_database_id=NOT&p_id=69085.1


    
Doc ID:        Note:69085.1
Subject:       DBASSIST Script Overview
Type:          BULLETIN
Status:        PUBLISHED
Content Type:  TEXT/PLAIN
Creation Date: 16-MAR-1999
Last Revision Date:  27-SEP-1999
Language:      USAENG



  PURPOSE
   
   The purpose of this note is to provide an overview of the scripts
   created by DBASSIST.


  SCOPE & APPLICATION
   
   This is to be used as a quick reference overview of scripts created by 
   DBASSIST for troubleshooting database creation or modification.
   

  RELATED DOCUMENTS
   
   Oracle 8i Installation and Configuration Guide


  OVERVIEW

   Previous versions of Oracle had template files that could be used
   to make scripts to create a database. With Oracle8i, these scripts
   are no longer provided. A new wizard is provided for creating 
   databases, and one of the options provided is to create scripts
   that can be manually run and can be modified and subsequently
   reused as required.

   Here is a listing of the scripts created that would be run in order
   by dbassist to create a database if all options were selected.
   The first three scripts create a database, and the remaining ones
   configure a database for use with additional options and/or cartridges.

   A script to install the user/tables etc. for a particular option
   could be generated and applied to an existing database. For example,
   if a user migrated a database without Intermedia installed, and
   wanted to configure the database for use with Intermedia, he could 
   use DBASSIST to create the "ordinst.sh" and "SIDmedia.sh" and run
   these against the database.

   The default location where these scripts are placed is 
   "$ORACLE_HOME/install", the same place where DBASSIST puts
   log files when it creates a database.

   
  SCRIPTS

  DBASSIST makes a master shell script called "sqlSID.sh" that will run
  the following shell scripts in order to create a database.


  1) Basic DB install
     
     a)SID8151.sh - spools to "crdb1.log"
                    create system tablespace

     b)SID8151.sh - spools to "crdb2.log"
                    run catalog.sql
                    build other tablespaces
                    create rollback segments and bring online

     c)SID8151.sh - spools to "crdb3.log"
                    run catproc.sql
                    run caths.sql(catalog for heterogeneous services)
                    run pupbld.sql


  2) Configure Advanced Replication
     
     a)SIDreplicate.sh - spools to "spoolrep.log"
                         run catrep.sql for replication

  3) Configure ORD (required for all cartidges) - not selected from
     dbassist as an option, this shell gets generated when one of
     the cartidges selected requires it.
     
     a)SIDordinst.sh   - spools to "ordinst.log"

                         runs ordinst.sql which in turn runs...

                         "ordisys.sql"   - create user ordisys and grant privs
                         "ordiords.sql"  - which runs

                           "ordpkg.sql" - create ordsys tables, views

  4) Configure Intermedia
     
     a)SIDMedia.sh     - "ORDINST.SH" MUST BE RUN FIRST!
                         spools to "iMediainst.log"
                         runs "iminst.sql"
                         assumes ordinst already run
                         installs intermedia

  5) Create Intermedia Text(Context) - does not require "ORDINST.SH"
     
     a)SIDdrsys.sh     - spools to "ctxtbls.log"
                         create drsys tablespace for context

     b)SIDcontext.sh   - spools to "spoolctx.log"
                         create ctxsys user
                         install context objects

  7) Install JServer
     
     a)SIDjava.sh      - spools to "jvminst.log"
                         installs java virtual machine, java classes into the DB,
                         initialize sqlj, ORB initialization

  8) Install Spacial
     
     a)SIDspacial1.sh  - "ORDINST.SQL" MUST BE RUN FIRST!
                         spools to "mdinst.log"

  9) Install Timeseries
     
     a)SIDtimeseries.sh- "ORDINST.SQL" MUST BE RUN FIRST!
                         spools to "tsinst.log"
                         install types, packages, tables for timeseries

  10)Install visual Information Retrieval

     a)SIDvirage.sh    - "ORDINST.SQL" MUST BE RUN FIRST!
                         dependent on iMedia being install (enforced
                         by dbassist)
                         spools to "virage.log"
                         install visual information retrieval

  11)Install SQL*Plus help files
     
     a)SIDsqlplus.sh

     b)SIDsqlplus1.sh

     c)SIDsqlplus2.sh



  SCRIPTS CREATED